I believe all of you out here would agree with me that the brain is one of the most important parts
of the human body.
Keeping it in shape is extremely important for us, who hope to live long life healthily.
And one of the major concerns we have is when we age, our memory function will actually deteriorate
over time.
I find that my memory function is not as good after that, so especially after my delivery of my children.
Luckily, there are many ways to actually help to improve our memory.
One of the methods is called aerobic exercises.
Researchers has actually found that aerobic exercise is able to improve and boost memory function.
So what are the benefits of doing neuro exercises?
So one of the most important benefits would be it helps to improve the brain function.
It allows us to be able to take on more difficult tasks.
Our brain is actually able to analyze more complex situation, and it will actually help us towards
better problem solving.
And the second benefits would be it can actually delay Alzheimer's disease or dementia.
So this is age related brain disorder.
That is a better chance for us to prevent or to delay this problem.
So what anaerobic exercises, new aerobic exercises involve getting your brain out of your comfort zone
by exposing it to a new to new sensations or challenges that are out of the routine.
For example, if you are right handed, you try to write with your left hand.
This will actually expose your brain out of the regular routine, and it actually helps to improve your
memory or the brain function.
Now, what is the best time of doing aerobic exercises for an average person?
It is recommended to do more exercises two times a day.
So one in the morning and one in the evening before you go to bed.
So in the morning, what you can do is, you know, you can brush your teeth and by changing to a different
hand.
So this is a very good exercise to actually.
Utilize the exercises to activate your brain.
The other one is going to bed or before going to bed.
You when you take a shower, you can actually, you know, use a different temperature of water to take
your shower.
So it will also boost up your brain cells.
Actually, you can do new exercises anytime throughout the day.
It also depends on your lifestyle.
So, for example, if you are an office worker, you can do this exercise during your break.
During your lunch time, you can just sit down on your chair and do some simple hand movement exercises.
And if you are a student, you can actually, you know, learn a foreign language to actually boost
your memory, boost your brain power.
And for seniors, it is also advisable to do about 3 to 5 times a day.
This will actually help to keep the mind the job and prevent or slow the progression of Alzheimer's
disease.
Here are some ideas for you to do neuro exercises.
The first one, you can actually blindfold your eyes and take the herbs or spice from your kitchen and
smell them and try to identify them.
So this is one way to activate your brain function.
The second one would be to use your non-dominant hand.
For example, you can try to use your non-dominant hand to comb your hair, to brush your teeth, or
to control the mouse.
So this will really help to boost up your brain functions.
Believe me.
You can also mute your TV and try to look at the subtitle and try to learn a foreign language from here.
Okay.
So other than that, what you can do is playing with online games, video games or even puzzles.
This will also help to boost your brain functions.
There are many types of neuro exercises that you can do.
Take a look at this chart for some ideas in this video, cause I will focus on ten movement exercises
that requires coordination from your brain.
So try to start the exercises with some warmup that I showed in the first video.
And then you can go through each of the short video, each of the exercises from the videos and see
how much you can cover in a day.
So the longer you do, the better.
But if not, just try for 10 to 15 minutes a day, and if you can do it two times a day, that would
be great.
I hope you will enjoy the course.